1.js, 2.js, 3.js, 4.js, 5.js, 6.js, 7.js, 8.js

    Sample lines documenting how methods and properties of the XMLHttpRequest
    object are accessed.

9.html

    The beginning of one of the web's first HTML documents.

10.sh

    Example command line invocation to create a new project in Django.

11.html

    Slightly more than a "Hello, world!" in Django templating.

    NOTE: In Django templating, it is common to give templates a .html
    extension instead of one made up for Django templating. In the attached
    files, a .html extension may be proper HTML or it may be Django templating,
    either complete or a fragment.

12.py
    
    A Python fragment for inclusion in a Django project's urls.py file.

13.py

    A complete Python script and Django view to use in rendering the sample
    template.

14.py

    A Python fragment to be added to a Django project's settings.py file.

15.py

    Pre-existing Python code immediately before where the contents of 14.py are
    to be inserted.

16.sh
    
    The Python command to run a Django application under the development server
    from that application's home directory, but only be accessible to the
    computer it's running from.

17.sh

    The Python command to run a Django application under the development server
    from that application's home directory, and be accessible to any computer
    with network access to the server.

18.html
    
    An example of a more detailed Django template providing more hooks than the
    "Hello, world!" template.

19.html
    
    What 18.html should render as (excluding lines consisting only of
    whitespace).

20.html

    An example of includes as an example of the kind of approach to handling
    boilerplate HTML that Django's templating engine offers an improvement on.

21.html
    
    An example of a block in the base template that will be used to demonstrate
    overriding blocks.

22.html
    
    What 21.html looks like rendered.

23.html

    An example of how to override the block to specify another nationality of
    English.

24.html

    What the block in 23.html looks like when rendered.

25.html

    An example of how to override the block and specify Russian rather than
    English.

26.html

    What the block in 25.html looks like when rendered.

27.html

    An example of a Django template that extends the base template while
    specifying Russian rather than English.

28.html

    An example of a base template hook that does not specify a default
    language.

29.html

    An example of a language-agnostic HTML tag.

30.html

    An example of Django templating that uses in-template conditional logic and
    loops.

31.py, 32.py, 33.py

    A fragment of Python to be included in a project's settings.py file.

34.py

    A fragment of Python to be included in a project's urls.py file.
