01.html

    A Django templating block that includes jQuery and (now) jQuery UI and
    the Jeditable jQuery plugin.

02.html

    The first of several code snippets making up the profile.html Django
    template.

03.html

    Another block pulling the title and then opening the main templating block.

04.html

    The first page body block, showing several features that will keep coming
    up: how to display the honorifics, default value "Click to edit", and mark
    them with the CSS class that will be editable via the Jeditable plugin.

05.html

    The remainder of the header, with the name and post nominals.

06.html

    A code snippet to display a profile picture.

07.html

    A code snippet displaying a slight nuance: an editable area that will be
    displayed with a <textarea> rather than a text <input>, for a somewhat
    larger chunk of data.

08.html

    A display of how to make an editable URL that works normally when clicked
    but can be edited on right click. Note that the top field, department, is
    not editable, but is a placeholder for the next chapter.

09.html

    An aside, code from 08.html as delivered minified, and consequently
    unreadable.

10.html

    Code similar to 08.html that allows an open-ended number of email addresses
    to be added.

11.html

    Another placeholder for next-chapter autocomplete.

12.py

    An updated Location model intended to work better with the profile page.

13.html

    Resuming the Django template, an editable phone number.

14.html

    The remaining fields in the main body block.

15.html

    The page-specific JavaScript block, concluding the profile template.

16.py

    A bare-bones logging utility function.

17.py

    A setting for the settings.py file.

18.py

    urlpatterns entries.

19.py

    The current views.py import statements, which have grown during the
    chapter.

20.py

    The main profile (whole) page view.

21.py

    The beginning of the view to save Ajax updates--the server-side code
    intended to service what are Jeditable updates on the client-side.

22.py

    A continuation of the same view; the next portion handles a special case.

23.py

    More of the special case.

24.py

    The remainder of the special case.

25.py

    The beginning of the generic code intended to handle most cases.

26.py

    More of the general case.

27.py

    The conclusion of the general case and the Django view we have seen in
    pieces.
