01.html

    An updated templates/base.html Django template block to include a theme from
    jQuery UI's Themeroller.

02.html

    The first part of a fragment from the templates/profile.html to create a
    select for an Entity's department.

03.html

    The second part of a fragment that loops to populate the bulk of a select.

04.html

    The third part of a fragment that closes the select.

05.html

    A fragment from the templates/profile.html to do the same thing for an
    Entity's location field.

06.html

    A fragment from the templates/profile.html to do the same thing for an
    Entity's reports_to field.

07.py

    An updated view that provides templates/profile.html additional variables
    for populating the autocomplete fields.

08.css

    An addition to the site's static/css/style.css file.

09.html

    An iframe added to templates/profile.html to the main body block to serve
    as target for form submissions whose output will be discarded.

10.html

    A fragment from an updated segment of code in templates/profile.html to
    display the department in a first workaround.

11.html

    A second fragment that includes more workaround code.

12.html

    A third fragment that closes the segment.

13.html

    More of the updated template.

14.html

    Still more of the template.

15.js

    JavaScript embedded in the template.

16.js

    More JavaScript embedded in the template.

17.js

    More JavaScript embedded in the template.

18.js

    More embedded JavaScript code, with a problem area that is not working
    commented out.

19.py

    An updated fragment of the view (in views.py) that handles the server side
    of saving data updated by in-place edits and (now) autocompletes.

20.py

    Continuation of the previous.

21.py

    The remainder of the "special cases" portion of the view.

22.py

    The remainder of the view, which handles the general case for saving
    in-place edits.

23.html

    An update to the base templates to have a notifications div, which is being
    moved upstream from the search page.

24.html

    A script delivering a modification of the earlier send_notification()
    JavaScript function, which will now keep a displayed Django error page
    visible for significantly longer than a brief one-sentence message.

25.css

    A modified portion of the style sheet reflecting an expansion in the role
    that notifications have come to play.

26.html

    The remainder of the script block begun in 24.html and interrupted by
    25.css.

27.html

    The last refinement of the department autocomplete block that has been
    worked on.

28.html

    The last refinement of the location block.

29.html

    The last refinement of the reports_to block.
